>> Brian Holt: So let's go to Search,
so let's go to search.jsx.
Come into search.jsx, we import
connect up here, ShowCard and Header.
Cool, that all looks really good.
What's gonna be really cool
about what we're gonna do,
is we're going to eliminate
state from search.
And we're going to eliminate
handleSearchTermChange,
>> Brian Holt: And we're gonna eliminate
props here.
>> Brian Holt: So
all this stuff is going away,
which means Search has now become
a status functional component.
So now we can migrate this back into
something that's a little bit more simple.
So I'm going to say,
const Search equals this,
and we're going to get rid of that.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so now this is
back to being not a class anymore but
being a function.
It's gonna take in props,
which are going to be,
we're gonna have to type those props.
It's gonna take in searchTerm
which is gonna be a string and
it's gonna take in shows which
is gonna be an array of show.
>> Brian Holt: Then here instead
of saying searchTerm equals that
we're gonna say is equal
to props.searchTerm.
And handleSearchTermChange is going to be
equal to props.handleSearchTermChange,
which we'll write here momentarily.
>> Brian Holt: I guess that's
one worth putting on there,
is handleSearchTermChange
is gonna be a function.
Instead of having props.shows,
it gonna just be just that, no this.
This is gonna be props.searchTerm.
>> Brian Holt: That's getting them just
a little bit more succinct each time.
>> Brian Holt: Not even that.
I forgot, okay.
So actually dropped this
handleSearchTermChange.
Because now what we can do,
instead of making search have to worry
about handleSearchTermChange and
all these kind of stuff, it can just
make header write directly to Redux.
And it doesn't have to be
the intermediary anymore,right?
>> Brian Holt: So
actually get rid of all of that.
And this is just gonna be showSearch now.
Yep, yep, yep, yep, that's exactly it.
>> Brian Holt: And now we're going
to filter on props.searchTerm.
Why is that upset?
>> Brian Holt: That's right.
>> Brian Holt: So, we're gonna run up
against to a flow edge case right now.
It's pretty good about following through,
but
because we're inside of a block,
which is inside of a block here.
It actually can't follow it
further enough for ESlint to say,
hey you're never using this prop type.
We actually are,
it's just ESlint can't go that deep.
It's not smart enough, right?
It's not actually evaluating your code,
it's doing static analysis.
So what we're gonna do here,
is we're just gonna say.
I know that this is what you think,
but you're actually wrong.
Eslint-disable-line react/
no-unused-prop-types.
>> Brian Holt: And this is just us telling
eslint, no, I know better than you.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, now we need to
make a maps state to props down here, so
we're going to say, const mapStateToprops
>> Brian Holt: Equals state.
And we're going to return an object
of searchTerm is state.searchTerm.
>> Brian Holt: And then we're gonna
call connect with mapStateToProps
>> Brian Holt: And we don't need this
component up here anymore.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
now we've successfully disentangled
that component state from Search.
It's now totally reading from Redux,
and it no longer has to care
about writing to Redux because that's
gonna become header's problem.